patient: name, fill_form()
receptionist: verify_form(patient)
technician: patient, perform_ct_scan()
Patient Record: patient
patient view: patient, patient_view()
doctor view: patient, ct_doctor_view()
doctor: calculate_risk(patient), email_patient()

class: CT Scan Form
It contains all the details needed to be filled by patient for registering in a CT scan.

class: patient
Patient is responsible for registering in a hospital for performing CT scan. Patient can register for CT scan by filling the form and can see patient view after performing CT scan by the technician.

responsibility: register for CT scan, fill CT scan form, see patient view
collaborator: hospital, ct scan form, patient record

class: receptionist
Receptionist request the patient to fill in the form for performing the CT scan. The receptionist verifies the information from patient intake form, generates the patient ID and schedules the exam date for the patient.

responsibility: verify form, schedule exam date
collaborator: patient, patient

class: technician
On the exam date given by receptionist to the patient, technician performs the CT scan of the patient and the results are recorded into the patient's record using the patient ID. At last, CT scan report is generated by the technician.

responsibility: perform ct scan, generate ct scan report
collaborator: patient, Patient Record

class: Patient Record
Patient Record is responsible for generating the patient's record. It is an abstract class since it can't generate view on it's own.

responsibility: generate patient view, generate doctor view
collaborator: PatientView, DoctorView

class: PatientView
Patient View is responsible for generating view for the patient to look into the patient's report.

responsibility: generate patient view
collaborator: patient

class: DoctorView
Doctor View is responsible for generating view for the doctor to look into the patient's report.

responsibility: generate doctor view
collaborator: patient

class: Doctor
Doctor views the CT Doctor view for the respective patient using the report generated by technician. Doctor determines the risk and email the patient about his/her test results indicating risk factors.

responsibility: calculate risk, email patient
collaborator: PatientRecord, Patient
