In this request we have below four actors they are:
1. Patient
2. Receptionist
3. Technician
4. Heart specialist (Doctor)

1. Patient:
Patient is most important part in this system. The Heart Health Imaging and Recording System starts from patient. The patients who are looking for CT scan, they need to fill a patient intake form. After filling the form, they need to send it to receptionist for verification and scheduling exam date.

2. Receptionist: 
Receptionist is the entity which request the patient to fill in the required details for performing the CT scan. The receptionist verifies the information from patient intake form, generates the patient ID and schedules the exam date for the patient.

3. Technician:
On the exam date given by receptionist to the patient, technician performs the CT scan of the patient and the results are recorded into the patient's record using the patient ID. At last, CT scan report is generated by the technician.

4. Doctor:
Doctor views the CT Doctor view for the respective patient using the report generated by technician. The heart specialist determine the risk and email the patient about his/her test results indicating risk factors.


There are ten use case listed in below for heart health imaging and recording system. They are

1. Intake Form for CT scan.
2. Sending for verification to Receptionist.
3. Technician performs CT scan of the patient.
4. Data is recorded into the patient record.
5. Generate the Patient view for the patient.
6. Send patient data not found.
7. Error message is generated for the patient.
8. Generate the CT Doctor view for the doctor.
9. Doctor calculates the risk factors.
10. Doctor emails the patient about the test results.

1. Intake Form for CT scan:
In this use case, patient need to fill appropriate information required for taking the CT scan and patient is responsible for this entire step.

2. Sending for verification to Receptionist:
After filling appropriate information by patient, then he needs to send this form to receptionist for verification and scheduling the exam date. This use case has a relationship include to patient intake form for CT scan.

3. Technician performs CT scan of the patient:
Patient visits the center on the exam date given by the receptionist and technician performs the CT scan of the patient

4. Data is recorded into the patient record:
After performing the CT scan, technician records the results into the patient's record and CT scan report is generated.
This use case has a relationship include to technician performs the CT scan of the patient.

5. Generate the Patient view for the patient:
After the CT scan, patient enters the patient ID to view and generate the patient view of the data.

6. Send patient data not found:
In case, data for the patient ID is not found, a message is displayed to the user indicating no data is available yet. It has extend relation to checking Patient view is available or not.

7. Error message is generated for the patient:
In case, no such patient is available or the patient ID is entered incorrectly, error message is displayed indicating wrong patient ID. It has extend relation to checking Patient view is available or not.

8. Generate the CT Doctor view for the doctor:
After the CT scan, doctor enters the patient ID to view and generate the CT Doctor view of the data.

9. Doctor calculates the risk factors:
After the CT doctor view is generated, doctor determine the risk using the generated report on the basis of system criteria to find the level of risk of happening the heart attack.

10. Doctor emails the patient about the test results:
After calculating the risk of heart attack, doctor emails the patient about the test results using the patient ID. This use case has a relationship include to Doctor calculates the risk factors.